#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
astroid==3.0.3
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   kombu
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
celery==5.3.6
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-log
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
coverage[toml]==7.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
ddt==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
dill==0.3.8
    # via pylint
django==3.2.24
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-mock-queries
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
    #   model-bakery
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-mock-queries==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-rest-framework==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-mock-queries
    #   django-rest-framework
edx-django-utils==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-toggles
edx-lint==5.3.6
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
edx-opaque-keys==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-toggles==5.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
kombu==5.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
model-bakery==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-mock-queries
newrelic==9.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via pylint
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pylint==3.0.3
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   responses
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   responses
responses==0.25.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via pydocstyle
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coverage
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.12.3
    # via pylint
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   kombu
    #   pylint
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
    #   responses
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
